What makes you strong can kill you.

What doesn't kill you, makes you stronger.

Too long; don't read.

TL; DR.

Divided by nation, united by porn.

A delimiter is a sequence of one or more characters for specifying the boundary between separate, independent regions in plain text, mathematical expressions or other data streams. 

Life finds a way.

It stopped being a business strategy when it became apparent that her diehard fans would buy and watch her do anything. Even if it's the same tired themes she's been doing for years, which is why I've said before that Julia would never get out of her comfort zone because she doesn't feel she has to.

I was not a fan of her at the beginning, because of her bony face; but I think she is getting prettier with age. She blew Ayumi Shinoda away in the MIDE-295 vid. Love those lean curves on her stomach gracefully coming down to the crotch, finished off with a cute bush. Delicious!

I am not sure if she is ashamed of her past. But I think if she doesn't block those comments, the comment area of every single post will be full of bullshit like asking her for JAV return, sexual harassment and insults. It definitely causes a negative impact and trouble to her current job, even her daily life.

Taking responsibility and being accountable for malpractice does not happen in the US.

It's clearly the result of political struggle, taking responsibility is just a decent way of saying he was ousted.

Corruption is cancer to a nation. Vietnam is going the right way in fighting corruption and will become stronger reaping benefits in the longer term. Keep it up Vietnam. Make ASEAN stronger.

After what the nation has suffered in the last 150 years, I don't think any Vietnamese will tolerate corruption. Too much blood has been shed for our nation to let it be tainted by those who look for their own self-interests.

In human sexuality, kinkiness is the use of non-conventional sexual practices, concepts or fantasies. The term derives from the idea of a "bend" in one's sexual behavior, to contrast such behavior with "straight" or "vanilla" sexual mores and proclivities.
